this show is sponsored by expressvpn
stop putting your online data at risk
get protected at expressvpn comm slash
funhouse everyone welcome to the 22nd
showdown
I'm your host Elise is my co-host James
I'm a co-host it's like being a host but
less than and today we have a group of
guests competitors that we're subjecting
to some wacky challenges you sent in
your postcards we got them we went
through all your postcards and we picked
the people who wrote the best postcards
to be on our show
let's meet our contestants we'll kick it
off with Ryan
yeah I'm Ryan I'm gonna win this thing
man
I've never played this game but I'm
gonna be the winner I'm the reigning
champ
check it out I got a winner's ribbon
here and I'm not you no one's gonna take
this from me I'm gonna I'm gonna still
have this at the end that young man has
spirit yeah but he didn't win that on
this show that's for sure because this
is the first episode nice try next up
she's as beautiful as she is cunning
Lindsay is niala winner no you get not
everyone can jump in the winner come on
come on the winner
Lindsay hails from the Middle West next
up he's the bad boy of work from home
Johnny Smith what's up everybody it's me
Johnny Smith this is the 22nd challenge
that's right I won the first 21 event
container if this is my prize I won see
it's a man well you can't see what's he
saying he's saying cool made me cool Oh
John Smith he's got a dragon he's got
one fan in the background and we know
he's got another fan right here I'm not
legally allowed to root for any of the
contestants but I think I might be
rooting for John well it's it's tough to
root for a last one because our last
contestant is the fan favorite okay
very true men wanna be em win wannabe em
I'm talking about
Oh Oh someone's at my front door one sec
bear back oh no door big package maybe
it's the guy who's mowing Ryan's lon
please door mate hey guys did I win
Jen's a question yes era of Latin
American descent correct yes do you know
what koumei Mikula means yes it's a it's
a does it translate to come in me I'm
cool no you're just as close to what it
sounds like
does everyone have their shot glasses
and their cell phones I got a shot glass
like myself oh I got a cell phone my
shot glass is my cell phone got what the
Kealing gatorade and shot glass this is
a shot right that's a big glass one by
one our contestants will compete James
and I will spin the wheel when the wheel
is spinning it is your turn you'll put
your hands up and then when you want the
wheel to stop you bring your hands down
say stop the wheel the wheel will stop
on one of 12 possible challenges each
challenge you will only have 20 seconds
to accomplish accomplish the challenge
and the remaining time left on the clock
will be added to your score times 10
mm-hmm all right everybody ready fail
the challenge is you're smart and there
are no repercussions
there will be 12 spins of the wheel that
will each allow you three opera that's
good okay who's up first James our first
is former winner Ryan Haley the wheel is
spinning its spinning its high early
done see there
never stopping alright impersonate three
animals we have to successfully guess
what they are cross my mind to actually
impersonate them well yes it worked out
because you got 84 points that round
yeah eight point four seconds left on
the clock Lindsey very well done please
clap we're not we tagged over the host
we don't have right next step is John
okay John are you ready for the we'll
[Applause]
call a friend and get them to say Bagel
Bites someone here he's a colleague
who's he calling seven seconds seven
seconds let's see V picks up say Bagel
Bites say bagel writes
you're on twenty second showdown say
Bagel Bites well we're gonna give you 20
points for that yeah that's not fair
give him negative 100 next up is Lindsey
Lindsey are you ready to see that we
don't go a spinning yeah throw up no I'm
ready I'm ready I'm ready
no that's right worse than I will
I tweeted would you ask 2020 and when I
got a retweet that a favorite I don't
know it seemed to compass that tech
Queen that's great 45 points for your
trouble and a one-on-one weirdo from
mmm-hmm up next this is the Big Kahuna
this is the Big Kahuna the favorite to
one at all Adam Kovac are you ready to
see that wheel a spinning but they say
them down quick quick spin do a
technical Stewart Jack Nicholson
impression here's Johnny I was doing him
in the shining I was gonna say this town
deserves a new classic criminal and it's
gonna be alright well hundred and fifty
five points so that's how that's how the
game is played
yeah that's once around like once around
this is the wheel if they say Ryan Hale
er it's been in that wheel of course you
gotta be difficult name ten American
presidents Oh God George W Bush George
Bush Donald Trump seven seconds left I
did not expect to hear Taft I did
one Johnny boy hold on let me let me ask
my friend for good luck you were doing
this earlier so not a team game John put
him away okay it's out of the wheel oh
no the mezcal you didn't even have it
ready I didn't know we were a lot of
have already a lot of his points they're
swallowing something you're out
amateur hour 19 seconds John before we
started you were the one who said you
wanted to take the most shots correct
yeah I said I serve a lot of work to do
and I'm probably working late so what
better way to take the edge off Lindsey
all right Lindsay are you ready to see
this wheel is spinning I'm ready
no one will throw up I'm ready there she
goes go spin that wheel stop and climb
all right one I'm pouring another one
right now
I know the whole challenges that you had
to pour it sweet it's a cake you want to
discuss this we gave them we did get in
the penalty point for the last one I
feel like I mean we call so more points
you waste them I feel like I should get
special treatment
every time excuse me oh sorry we could
do the whole way we can give him five
points or say yeah John Michael this
this might tell you John we're gonna
give you five points because you didn't
you didn't realize that being said some
of these challenges they have certain
hurdles that certain individuals can
can't can't get over right yeah one of
you are in a wheelchair we wouldn't
install a ramp just so you could play
fair let's
put it that way there's the updated John
points with the five points at it okay
moving on to the player the player girl
here for that's a doll right out of
members I can see what he's gonna do
he's ready to take a shot one one
thousand two one thousand three one
thousand stop oh he's trying to stop it
no way me find a buying a plan to target
[Music]
the actual penis plan real it died a
while ago is that the plan she puts
under her mother's bed and Pan's
Labyrinth to give her a miscarriage okay
with a dead plant yeah okay alright yeah
I'm good with it the host says diamonds
are okay look at scourge that was a huge
huge round rabbit well thank you thank
you guys for alerting me to my dead
plant we only have let's see one more
round so you got to go big are you
serious no one way around this well we
have a bunt we have several rounds but
the only there's only four more
categories on this wheel before we move
to the mega wheel mm-hmm and then beyond
that we go to the Ultra wheel so many
wheels and our wheel is a spinet tell a
knock-knock joke knock knock who's there
[Music]
first failure of the game what is that
that's five shots yes take right -
failure John it is your turn John pretty
far behind but it's still anyone's game
his hands way up he looks like a fish I
know he's named ten movies about dogs go
that one with Tom Hanks where's your
sidekick is police sidekick Turner couch
earbud movies 10 is a lot Air Bud air
buddies scary buddies
Santa buddies sit space buddies [__]
buddies doesn't that one - looking at it
10 is a lot do you think we should give
him a courtesy I think that might be for
this you point maybe like 20 courtesies
give them 20 20 courtesy points I think
this is [__] thank you dear dear
hosts actually okay could I maybe get
could I maybe get 30 instead is that
priority points why not why not all
right
Lindsey is up there are only two more
challenges on this wheel are you ready
to spin because it's spinning baby hands
up
[Music]
named and performed five dance moves
okay
was this hammer time okay lawnmower this
is the swizzle it was floss that's what
it was yeah she she went to she points
it
well she finished it three point four
but she did the whoa last which I guess
our hosts are not familiar with it's
yeah that's the whoa but she didn't say
floss she said it's the and then I said
floss and there was like five seconds
left
yeah eventually there's a certain amount
of lag built into the point distribution
we understand that as this is because
this is played over the Internet maybe
the time you complete it will not
necessarily coincide with the time we
stop the clock all of that has been
factored in and verified by
International Committee of judges that
have said that the game is fair John you
want another two points yes please let's
get up to an even 70 Adam coding
commanding lead commanding lead I mean
he came into this we said this is his
game to lose and I think he's serving
that to be the case okay but it's also
your wheel to stop he had it ready let's
see you gotta see that open mouth that
was the end of our first wheel and I
just want to say great showing from all
our competitors now there is a hidden
waiter in points on this show and that
is and there again there's no pressure
because of course we would never
pressure anyone to drink on this program
on 22nd showdown but they're already
taking shots if you are interested in
taking a shot you can gain yourself ten
bonus points well the next round half
shots or was this a it's the every round
grab a bottle I'd say 30 points if
you're gonna take a shot there's 30 okay
let's say 30 points if you take a [__]
do I get a choice I just do it points 30
points Ryan you know everyone thinking
it the kind of cancels that's an opaque
glass we can't even tell that there's
alcohol in there and he used a chaser
whatever users I'm smart let's check in
with all this forest let's check in on
the scores we have Ryan Haley with a
hundred and sixty-one points John Smith
with an even 100 points whoa Lindsay
Washburn at 211 points 200 Club baby the
cop killer Kovac is at 392 Wow I had
some real easy ones I'm sorry I got
lucky I'm aware of a dead plant here and
I do a great Jack Nicholson and we're
back for a wheel number two James kick
it off you're ready to start at least
let me ask you this how do you feel
about mixing up the order should we go
in reverse order oh that's interesting
you tell me I'm just a co-host well I'm
just a coho let me tell you thinking
like a host right now well I learned
from the best
okay all right let's switch it up so
[__] all right so that means we're
starting with Adam stopping the wheel
[Music]
there it is Wow really big big big ol
points that shot of alcohol it comes out
of nowhere
we should call 20 second shot of alcohol
yeah I'll see the show so much the
second one goes down a lot easier it's
known a while since I've shot whiskey in
the middle of the afternoon but it's
2:00 p.m. somewhere here right Lindsay
this puts you in the next spot wait I'm
throw up no I'm ready
okay the wheel well this is a good [__]
quebec this one with such listeners that
a city actually don't know um there's a
and i thought there was like for
newfoundland and labrador whatever dude
not sure that's a tough one Newfoundland
NPI Nova Scotia and New Brunswick Quebec
Ontario from there you'll see Manitoba
Saskatchewan Alberta literally into that
song and it's the same like it doesn't
matter you could be like but peanuts and
marshmallows too there's also oranges on
the floor named 48 states elite
territories but maybe we give her
something cuz she got she got like half
okay she's not John she isn't John yeah
that's true I'm worried that I you think
I should get points for that
just give John just give John my points
this is a disgrace they're not even on
the same team but they were in current
he was encouraging her he was helping he
was very positive about it
if John my points no you guys already
give John a point yeah John thank you I
would like to remind everybody that ever
since the nineteen fifties quiz quiz
show scandal you're not allowed to rig
public quiz shows like this alright so
this thing the ideas coming out guys
unfortunately that some of the
challenges of doing this show over the
Internet is that sometimes you might
lose the contestant you can't there
audio drops out and you can't hear you
they're saying no matter what they say
hands up for people who haven't
ridiculed the judges yet
got to see that open mouth Gussie their
open mouth
there it is big points no big points
putting Ryan Haley in dead last
I wonder if he'll stay there for the
rest of the game that's three so far
over the past like 20 minutes I'm three
or four in but I might a couple of more
on my own accord when she left this
round one shot left for this wheel Ryan
are you ready dude i this is my one this
is my ex one shot I mean I was going
shoot the Eminem 8 mile song here we go
go for it get a snack cameras cutting
out your camera dropped out we didn't
obviously see you put it in your mouth
camera froze but I can hear your frame
of that heard the saddles vitamin
gummies
it's my exercise in quarantine is wait
are those vitamin E yeah we're gonna
count that as what flavor is this hold
on what flavor is it it's it's sundown
non-gmo flavored vitamin d3 flavored
you're on thin ice there Ryan the
vitamin I don't know if a vitamin is a
snack supplements are that they taste
good if you had said mixed berry then I
would have said no question about it but
it was sundowners non-gmo
now I want to say also I sundown or it
sounds like it's a brand for old people
as well one fan to fan down okay here we
go
shout out an advertisement [__] you
won't get a lemon you won't get a lemon
that's not a slogan [__] that's a bird
oh my god I hear nothing your honor
wesley willis can I have a go at it
do you know I'm sorry John Adams say we
can't you have the power you can do it
or you know it's I'm almost a host hey
James okay James have a go I can't I
can't betray my host just do it John
just do it they're great
Oh from the shining that's one point one
point for John oh my god Lindsay nursing
that went to my head was where's the
beef James I love my hosts thanks John
loves us I'm ready
dan I want to stop the wheel needed a
movie starring Nicole Kyle Eyes Wide
Shut Australia Moulin Rouge she's in the
well she's not Shakespeare in Love was
that her no that's somebody else's let
her know something else
looking for BMX bandits set point for
naming one movie that was a musical that
she was in and that's my la nourish you
me come on give me a point for that she
didn't she did dose ii give me a point
for every baz lurman movie that she's
been in okay it's too it may have been
revealed that i as hosts need to pay
better attention maybe the house need to
do some shot we're moving on to Johnny
boy we wiggled those arms up okay post a
selfie we don't care what your question
it could be your friends anywhere okay
we're okay
what's the grant its the Graham Graham
alright posted my story first ed can we
verify that's right I have more points
and Ryan there's a story that's it very
sex and burn yeah and it had attitude to
that's what I like about it wasn't just
a selfie it was us no points for John
I'm posting a follow-up that says I just
got 56 points for that I love my hosts
more questions for that there it is I
love that that's great you shot that
saved up for my thoughts great truthful
it's obvious you any points with 0 James
I mean if we if we put them up to 280
that's a cleaner number than 1 to 70
well I think so yeah it's clean - 75 to
72 75 [__] took a shot big chance be
here for Ryan all right here we go you
got something interesting oh okay there
it is you make something stick to a wall
hardest-hit rinds operating at like one
frame per minute is it stuck I think we
give him like what 30 points 40 points
yeah he's got some bad static there he
appeared to maybe knock his computer
over he's muted himself he sees me
yelling profanities special bonus points
I want you to give me $100 points for
making the big cat I verify we got a
verify can we verify the Gatorade even
though that's not even though it's the
wall a door not a wall you should
definitely should still dis it's a door
oh we had you know I hadn't even thought
about Ryan we had we had given you the
points anyway because we assumed that
was a wall display and give me points
for being an honest player here's the
thing we're gonna have to let Adam call
this one he's the fan favorite he's the
voice of the community and he's the most
biased or unbiased I'm gonna pretend I
didn't hear Ryan and say that his door
is not a wall because I think in the
household of Ryan a door is a wall
knocked over his microphone maybe it's
on the floor Oh
[Laughter]
[Applause]
this is the last spin of this wheel
round to tell me Lord when I shoot right
now oh okay oh okay the change of shirt
change your shirt you don't have to
change it on camera
you'd set to come back yeah with a
different shirt on what's that sadly
Adam we cannot award you points roof
Adam Lindsay are you ready for your last
spin of the second wheel I have out wait
I am last bin yeah there this hole a
friend and get them to say astrology oh
my god oh my god oh god oh my god who we
gonna call who who do you love the most
least looking at our problem I just need
you to say astrology even though my time
is up you say hello for me
astrology unfortunately three more
seconds to call her sorry Lindsay
doesn't always work out back to John
here alright later later on something
that we don't sit down take a [__]
[Laughter]
let's see that mouth
stopping the clock huge points the best
of that Ryan keeps prep it like he's I
seen him poor shots like that his shots
squeezed ready for it and he never gets
there
Oh Ryan II do have to turn right now you
have the last challenge of this wheel
mm-hmm
hell yeah well I think during the taping
to the wall accident
I lost my shot glass let's go
balance three objects on top of each
other
dummies are back Wow balanced great job
well that's the end of the second wheel
that's pretty great rounder coming in on
the scores now I've got Lindsay at 212
son-of-a-bitch
Shawn at 393 making a comeback Ryan
making it up at 406 fan-favorite Adam
539 you don't call it a comeback comment
for you at huge points for you Adam I'm
not early bucks look at me in the zoom
Adam look at just me in the zoom okay
forget these other people all right
you remind me of the guy who threatened
me with a knife outside of the studio in
Hollywood now as with the end of the
first wheel you do have an optional shot
that will award you 30 bonus points okay
but if I'm the first person asks you to
do a shot can I get extra points you do
a shot and you do a shot some vodka in
the freezer all right Cheers
wait wait for the final ready
I gotta I'm the winner of taking it
first now they all have to do two
because they did one without you I want
to remind the audience that when at
least told us this was happening she
said we'd probably be taking two shots
max it was James having a drink - oh my
god Wow is no one else concerned that
the judges who are supposed to you know
be judging us to the millisecond or now
we're gonna have their faculties reduced
because of this great wait I need more
points have I done five shots we're
doing another shot just shot
I didn't realize you're all doing one
[Music]
why does anyone do that you do it to
forget the pain
[Music]
we got our cos essence Adam John Lindsay
Orion look shake it up for the big
finale James murder you ready to spin
that wheel we're gonna go back to Ryan
starting with Ryan at the top good job
he's the good starting with John okay to
the side counts it see that mouth yeah
he's dangerous
John we have we hurt we have rehearsal
later for the variety show just FYI
that's tomorrow you dip time has no more
meaning that's seven there's gotta be a
big round for Lindsay come on go oh boy
event name and perform a brand-new yoga
move this is called the shot 15 bonus
points for that team I have never seen
that done before I like the little the
little leg lifts - I don't know what I
did you ingested more calories than you
burned
next up Adam he hello by the community I
keep telling him I'm not special and
arms up and the arms go damn it's gonna
be find a face in an inanimate object
oh my god this is a disease there's no
in so as you can see that is Sean
Connery
oh no John's passed out we lost John
he's bad this this appears to be a man
who hits his wife with a open hand and
not a closed fist okay
oh there it is
well oh so I've got two celebrities
moving on to Ryan Ryan are you ready
shot not at all Elise judge wants to
take the shot judge wants to take your
shot the real spinning world turns it's
a game show right now James is pouring a
shop for Elise because Lindsay asks at
least do a shot with her my hands are
waiting for Ryan anytime okay make a
sake what did you say I said beam me up
Scotty very cool
I have closed captions on in both times
it Reds it sorry can we get a replay I
am so sorry Ryan
we cannot give you those points because
you did not say the correct caption but
Lindsay thank you for thank you for
keeping an eye on captions helping out
the host let's give some bonus points to
Lindsay for that we give them doing if
do we give them all no points Dylan's a
Buddhist points are not a thing in this
competition
no one should be fan favourite what is
going through your brain right now
alcohol all right I'm going to Lindsay
now and by the way that was this is our
last rotation right Oh or do we want to
finish the wheel
I'm ordering a pizza top of the wheel
take a shot 15 point that only took you
four point one seconds I believe you
never gave you a home in the sugar it's
cuz I wear a condom I'm ordering a pizza
I want pizza
I want pizza cheers to all the
contestants I'm so glad we're gonna all
gonna be ordering pizza to night
Pizza Adam we're spending for you hey
I've been loose for a while Elise one
three and four and down write a word in
the air with your fingers for us to go
[Music]
backwards I might begin buzz you might
have to take over house I become co-host
finally my chance to sit in the host
chair wow you're not next John Ryan
we're spinning the wheel for you find
two left shoes find two left shoes fun
challenges
because you haven't gotten up once put
things on his wall and find shoes and I
had to name provinces in films please
sir I'm still imposing Omar that I'm I'm
getting garlic knots I'll take a shot
with you all right so here's the main
pitch you something at least let me
pitch you something I know no you're not
talking about me and they're muted so
there everyone do me a favor
James will you do me a favor jay-z's
muted will you remind me to take my
headphones off before I get up what are
they talking about I need to wash my
hands can the hands feel sticky oh my
god they're really muted cuz the talking
secrets
like we everybody's too stupid intruder
Oh John oh here I'm with you John
ready
I wasn't ready for this oh my god I
think they're fighting they never fight
no look at them they're so mad at each
other
they fight about me that's about it
there oh my god
no split we're splitting up stairs oh my
god it's only five o'clock what the [__]
- I am hungover Cheers
- shots max I need to pee before we
continue actually I need to pee - I
think just Joshin I'm John and I want to
tell people we had a full wheel that we
weren't gonna do but because of time and
because I've gotten buzzed James the
villain James made it shorter round No
here's how the final spin is gonna play
it sober there is only going to be one
you want to come over to share this
pizza with me I do but we shouldn't the
final spin you are allowed to wager the
amount of points from your current score
that you want to to try and win now if
you fail you will lose those points but
if you win then all my points
[Music]
no okay wait don't I don't wait your any
points never mind I take you back oh my
god zero points the current current if
standings are right Haley with 492
points Oh Lindsay Washburn with 585
points what the [__] John Smith with 595
points I stick in Adam Kovac with 635
points Adam fan favorite
who's wagering what I would you get
thousand point however many I could
wager all right it's wagering it all
John having this you're wagering I know
is you're all but one single point I'm
gonna wager 50 points all right Lindsay
how much you weigh doing 50 points for
me 201 points
Plus Elise's 50 points Adam how many
points I assume none of them can do any
of this so I'm gonna wait here no points
and just they were I'm at least yes John
is Nineveh really a Canadian Providence
yes and no but well no no it's a
territory and we didn't have it until
the late 90s I was like two years ago
no when I was a kid they were like were
watch okay
here's the yqk was a thing it's gonna be
a thing where's now there we go did you
say
[Music]
oh hey this is John call me back and say
peachfuzz
[Laughter]
nobody accomplished the task that means
everyone's a winner and a loser at the
same time I think I won just so everyone
knows Ryan lost all of his points I lost
all my points except for one
I beat Ryan I'd like to thank our
contestants Adam Kovac John Smith
Lindsey Washburn Ryan Haley some water
and also I'm your co-host James Williams
and because this ELISA Williams hasn't
been twice I can showdown there was
absolutely no way to tell and everyone
only called other people that were in
the room or
[Laughter]
so this is from the boat murder mystery
video where everyone dresses fancy at
8:10 Adam looking like a kid on his
first prom date getting dropped off by
his mom